Let’s explore options and brainstorm some more. The medication prescription system its complex and involves multiple steps way before validation occurs. There are multiple routes that ultimately end with the orders section and medications, including automatic medication order generation via the SOAP note, manual input with “add order” (which involves AI parsing by GPT), and the blue button in the “medications” section of the chart that allows user’s to automatically add medications to the orders. Because many of these already involve GPT, it seemed natural to include it from the beginning of the validation portion. However, you make a good point that we could include a frontend validation service that is exclusive of GPT, but I’m not sure if that really makes sense. Here is how I”m looking at the system. The problem: validation is required. A physician can’t write a prescription for a patient that doesn’t have required fields or that has fields that are nonsensical. Our system can’t allow that. The solution: GPT. GPT intelligence can be automatically and immediately leveraged to calculate the appropriate dose, duration, refills, sig, etc for medications that don’t already have this information. Our frontend can present this GPT information in obvious red lettering as a sort of notification to the provider that “THIS INFORMATION WAS GENERATED BY A COMPUTER, NOT BY YOU, SO YOU SHOULD DOUBLE CHECK IT”. In situations where the information was already available (because the user generated it, or because a PRIOR GPT step generated it, or WHATEVER REASON, GPT doesn’t need to be involved in the final step. In this case, all the text remains black and GPT doesn’t even get called. Given the robust intelligence of GPT I think it’s a mistake to create frontend fallbacks that might confuse the system or the user. If any of the REQUIRED fields in the prescriptions are BLANK, GPT should be called to fill them and we should fill them in red and bold text. These should remain in red and bold text until the user either changes them or presses the “save” button for the prescription. Review this message and consider all of this before making changes. Let’s keep brainstorming options and come to a decision. Ask me any questions you still have about my vision. 