I think I see where we went wrong now. We are trying to mix absolutes with relatives. Now please, I"m begging you, take your time with this and really understand. Do not make any changes. First understand and ask me clarifying questions and let's discuss. We are giving GPT a mandate to come up with absolute numbers (30, 30, 18, 10) for each of the four factors. We need to be telling it to rank each medical problem's FACTOR relative to other medical problems FACTORS. So each FACTOR for any given patient should always add up to 100 percent. Let's go through an example. I've already created the numbers and I want you to be able to understand them and then give me back another (simpler) example so I know you understand. This patient has type 2 diabetes but it's well controlled so the clinical severity is 10%. He also has CKD5 so GPT puts that clinical severity at 40% because it's so bad and impacts his health in somany ways. One day he comes in with severe acute sinusitis which has a clinical severity (relative to his other problems) at 30% and he also has hip osteoarthtisi which is a clinical severity of 20%. That adds up to 100% for clinical severity. Suppose he comes in one day for a laceration with low clinical severity of 5%. Not a problem, that will not change the total clinical severity for that patient would it? Nope, still 100%. Same patient with type 2 diabetes we haven't yet discussed his other 3 factors (total of 4). Even though the clinical severity of his DM2 is low (10%) because his A1c is 6.5, he's on 5 different meds to keep him that well controlled! That puts his treamtent complexity at 50%! His CKD5 is low treatment complexity of 20%. His acute sinusitis only requires a single medication so that's low treatment complexity (10%), and his hip osteoarthritis treatment complexity (requiring 1 medication and a consultation) is 20%. Total treatment commplexity is 100%. Etc. Now let's look down at the rank weight. Our baseline is to rank clinical severity at 40% (4/10). For his type 2 diabetes, that, combined with all the other factors with their weights, puts his type 2 diabetes TOTAL rank score at 3.3 (or inverted to 6.7 if you want, whatever same difference. If a particular user feels that treatment complexity should be lower rank weight, type 2 diabetes might fall off the list from the top rank to the second rank. But the nice thing is that the TOTAL OF ALL RANKS WILL ALWAYS BE 100% (or 10, in this case). Like I said. Take you time and really understand what I'm talking about. Give me an example with simple data set and we can go back and forth to make sure you really get what I'm asking here. 