1. They should be redirected to a "please verify your email"
2. Don't worry about any existing unverified users. Those are test cases and can be deleted.
3. I'm referring to the "create enterprise admin" button on the registration page. It pulls up a new page that allows
the user to "create enterprise admin account". This is essentially "proving" that the user is actually an
administrator at a particular existing clinic, allowing that person "admin" privileges for that particular clinic. Once
they get these privileges, they can purchase authorization keys which can be distributed to their providers and
staff. For each authorization key they must pay a monthly fee ($399 per provider per month). Individual users
should still be able to sign up for tier 2 which would allow them all of the data connections/endpoints to
pharmacies, etc. They would, essentially, become their own enterprise admin. I suppose it does make sense to
have them go through the admin approval process, since this will officially create an established "Clarafi
presence" for that particular clinic. The whole purpose of the admin approve process (the "create enterprise
admin account" is to protect patient privacy. Suppose user A is a solo practitioner and owns his own clinic. He
chooses to purchase the tier 2 from the start. If he someday hires another physician, he can simply obtain a new
key and give it to that physician who can thereafter access the EMR (assuming user A/admin makes monthly
payments. In another scenario, user C has been using tier 1 for a few months and now has some patients in the
system that he has created at the clinic he works at, clinic C. Admin at clinic C decides to purchase the entire
EMR (tier 2), which allows user C to no longer have to pay for their own subscription, because the admin at clinic
C has provided user C with a key. All the patient data with user C gets uploaded into the new combined clinic C
patient list. Other providers who work at the same clinic will now have access to the combined clinic C patient
list (thanks to the prior work done by user C), plus they can add their own patients. I don't think there are any
HIPPA violations here because all the other users work in the same clinic anyway. The only concern that we
should consider is if user C had ALSO been using the program (prior to the clinic C adoption of the program) in
other settings such as in the hospital or moonlighting somewhere that the clinic C does not own. I believe we
have made attempts to eliminate this risk but I'm not sure what all we did towards accomplishing it. If not, we
may need to somehow enforce users to clearly specify where the patient was seen either at the time of service
(repetitive and not ideal) or during the patient migration process. In other words, we could force them, at the time
clinic C chooses to adopt the entire system, to migrate any patients into the new combined EMR if they want to
continue using that data. This should probably be individualized PER PATIENT. I don't know, just brainstorming
here. I'm also not sure how much of this is a security issue vs an "ownership" issue, i.e. the clinic owns the
patient data, right?
4. No, any user should be able to submit verification requests because the verification process often (maybe
always) happens before the user even has a log in. Although I hadn't considered about the email verification.
maybe that should happen before they are allowed to attempt the verification process. It might cut down on
false requests.
5. Tier 1 users should still have access to the orders section and the billing section just like they currently do. So it
won't really be blank or hidden. IT's just that they won't actually function (just like now they don't actually
function). Since this is so complex, let's brainstorm more. It almost seems easier to finish setting up all these real
endpoints (tier 2) and THEN scale back/cut them off for tier 1 users. Admittedly, this will need more work. Maybe
we should hold off on this for now until I can really get those endpoints/connections made.
6. If the system has patients, they must have a subscription key. I'm trying to think of a scenario when the system
would have no patients and yet still be "existing". Maybe we need to clarify this. My original intention was for our
EMR to hold all the clinic data information somewhere in our database or AT LEAST, make all that information
easily accessible (maybe through the google places API?), so that users could easily locate and choose their
"existing" clinic. But does that mean that the clinic "exists" in our EMR? I'm not sure. I think what you mean by
"exist" is that the clinic has a user associated with it. If that's what you mean, then yes the new user would need
a key. Basically, whichever user gets to it first becomes the admin and there after has the ability to assign keys (if
he pays for them). He should still be able to hand off this admin privilege if he wants. Suppose you have clinic A.
User A decides to sign up for our program on tier 2, thereby making him an admin. User B decides he wants to
use our program as well. If he wants to "join" in with the other patients in a fully connected EMR, he will need to
get a security key from user A. If user A decides he doesn't want to be admin anymore and he hires an
administrator to take over this role, he could be able to transfer this to that admin. Yes, subscription keys should
have different types with different permissions but I am almost certain we have already established this.
7. System administrator is the only one with god-like powers. They can do everything and anything. Yes, it's the
Clarafi staff who manage the entire platform. Clinic admin is the lesser role that manages the specific health
system/clinic.
What other questions do you have?
