4. Just want to clarify your point. Do we have to replace the current tabs? Maybe this is something we need to clarify. Are we ranking all problems or just active ones? Well now that I think about it you're right. We should rank all the problems (including resolved) because it's much simpler logic, but I think we should give the user the ability to toggle on or off the resolved problems. That might mean that GPT ranks a "resolved" problem somewhat high in the list (say, number 3 out of 5 problems). If the user toggles resolved problems "off" from the UI, they would simply see problems 1, 2, 4, and 5, in that order. Yeah, let's do it that way. 
5. I don't really like the idea of separating the list into discreet categories (top, middle, lower). Is there maybe just a background gradient color system we can use? Something that sort of fades into the background as you get higher into the rank list (i.e. less important problems have less color in the background)? But a gradual smooth gradient, not a sharp different color per problem. 
A. GPT should rank each problem differently. No two problems should have the same score. 
B. When a user manually adjusts a problems rank, it should create a user preference weight that influences future GPT rankings (with very high weight). These user-influenced weights should be subjective terms like (low, middle, and high), not numbers. An important caveat here is that ANY user must be able to adjust the same rank. So if user 1 says that CHF for Mr. Johnson is ranked high, GPT will probably put it at number 1 or 2. If user 2 comes along and ranks CHF as "low", GPT will put it down at number 10, for example. This user-based rank needs to be accessible to all providers. 
C. Place it in a high priority but not a hard number. Or maybe I don't fully understand how you see the rankings. I don't like the idea of ranking a problem as number 1 from a front-end perspective. This creates a hardcoded anchor that GPT won't be able to overcome even if it thinks it should. If setting it to number 1 still allows GPT to later decide that another problem is still higher priority (at 0.5, in a sense), it should be able to do that. What I DON'T want to have happen is that we assign it a number 1 and it stays at the front of the list forever. 
D. The ranking service seems complex and might be better to get placed as a separate ranking service. Frankly this is probably the most important component of all this so maybe we should clarify this further. How might we best integrate this into the unified medical problems delta? 
