While being mindful that this is a normal production EMR that is being designed to meet or exceed standards of current production EMRs like Epic or Athena, I want to spend some time brainstorming ways to improve the unified medical problems update system with some kind of internal rank system. 
FIRST OF ALL let’s answer the question: how do most EMRs categorize problems in the problem list? I would imagine they have “active” or “current” and probably “historical” or “resolved”. How do their categories compare with what we have available? 
SECONDLY is there a standard way that other EMRs RANK medical problems in terms of importance? What I’m looking for here is some kind of standard that the medical industries might use to decide how serious a certain medical problem is. In my imagination, this could be based on the morbidity rate for this particular diagnosis/ICD 10 code. Or it could be based on how frequently the medical problem gets discussed or managed in the clinic. Or it could be based on how many medications the patient is taking to treat it. I don’t know what’s out there. Can you think of anything? I’ve heard of RAF scores I think, but I don’t know if that really applies here. If you can think of any benchmark standards out there let me know. 
THIRD OF ALL. I am a physician so I have strong opinions on this. Assuming for a moment that we choose not to use a benchmark standard to rank medical problems, let me describe what I’m talking about and we can brainstorm ways to make our own ranking system. You see, the problem with medical problem lists is that they are often the dumping ground for all the possible problems a patient has ever had in their life, relevant or not to their current health status. A patient who once had an ear infection years ago might get the diagnosis (acute otitis media) placed onto their problem list forever. This does no one any good and just takes up space. That would be an example of something that is LOW on the rank (in my professional opinion). However, the problem is that you can’t just filter out medical problems by assigning important/not important because it’s way too granular. You also can’t really even assign it just based on the medical problem itself. Take the exact same medical problem (Acute otitis media) but for a different patient. This different patient has had acute otitis media 10 times in the past 2 years! I’d say that’s definitely higher on the rank list! But, again, we can’t JUST assign rank based on frequency of an illness. Suppose a patient had a heart attack at age 25. If we ranked based on frequency, that would be very low on the rank list because he had it just once, but truthfully should be much higher (it’s a big deal). As a physician, I feel confident I could leverage the database intelligence of GPT to create a very helpful rank system based on severity, frequency, number of medications, morbidity, etc. I’m sure there are other factors I haven’t really considered. We could assign a certain percentage of points for severity, a different amount for frequency, etc. In the end, each problem within a problem list could be ranked from high importance to low importance. ONCE WE DO THAT (or rather, once GPT does that for each problem), WE COULD ALLOW THE USER TO ADJUST THEIR OWN PREFERENCES FOR HOW THEIR PROBLEM LIST SHOULD LOOK. So maybe one user wants to see ALL the problems (even the useless ones for acute otitis media that happened just once. Suppose a different user would want to see only the top 3 most important. They could simply adjust a dial in the UI and instantly (because the ranks are already made by GPT at the end of each encounter), the list could change. Changing the rank preference for an individual user wouldn’t even require an API call because ranks are already stored locally! It would be instantaneous! Anyway, before we go about creating a rank system of our own (back to my FIRST and second questions) are there any standards out there that have already thought this through and created such a system?
IMPORTANT This is a brainstorming session alone. You are not permitted to make any code changes until I tell you to. I want to talk this out for a while and think about ideas. MOST IMPORTANT: GPT alone is to be the medical decision maker in our code. You are not to even THINK ABOUT creating internal/frontend logic or complicated regex patterns meant to attempt any kind of reasoning. GPT is much MUCH smarter. 
