
From an architectural (eagle’s eye view) standpoint, I want to BRAINSTORM labs and orders. Don’t make any changes please, I just want to clarify the vision and make sure we align our EMR with other production-level EMRs like Athena and Epic. Labs have a certain lifecylcle including an ordering and resulting. How should we go about communicating lab results to patients? I want it to be steak, intuitive, and easy for the providers. But I’m not clear about how to go about this. Are labs associated with an encounter? What about scheduling? How to labs get “resulted”? Does that happen by the laboratory company or the clinical staff? How are labs linked to the ordering provider? What about a lab-only order? Is that a different encounter entirely? 

My vision is as follows: I want to go above and beyond the typical EMR like Athena and EPIC (while still meeting those standards) and create a system that allows intuitive ordering (already created) but also intuitive reporting. When labs get resulted, GPT should immediately create a patient-oriented message (or nurse oriented, if the nurse is going to call the patient) about the results. GPT will have full knowledge of the patient’s medical history and prior labs, as well as the recent clinic visit when the labs were ordered, and can curate a message from the doctor to send to the patient. The doctor would simply have to review the message, approve it or change it, and click send. Imagine this scenario: the patient comes in for a follow up appointment for their diabetes. During the visit, the patient and provider discuss continuing the patient on metformin for now and checking the A1c. They also discuss (and this would be written in that clinic visit SOAP note) that if the A1c is above goal, will add a new medication. A1c comes back at 9.0. GPT reviews that result, the prior A1c, and the clinic chart and note and creates this message “A1c above goal, will add glyburide 5mg daily. Advise pt to work on diet and med compliance.” The doctor comes back to review the lab results and sees this message in their inbox with the medication order already pended. The doctor agrees and signs the lab result encounter (or is it the same encounter as the clinic visit??) and signs the prescription. Don’t worry about the details for GPT and all that. My first question is architecture and how the lab lifecycle fits into this vision from an eagle’s eye perspective. 


Another important part of my vision is data integration. In addition to the normal lifecycle for clinic EMRs which order and report labs, I also want to be able to seamlessly integrate outside lab results into our own set of labs. This will involve a lot of GPT intelligence, but I think it can be done. For example, suppose a patient mentions they had an A1c of 12% about 5 years ago. This is not an official lab report, but it’s helpful data that should be presented in the lab section. But since it’s from a “soft” report (i.e. verbal reported by the patient) it should be clearly designated as such within the lab reporting system). The reason I bring this up now is because it might require multiple different “source” designations which I do not believe we have yet created in the database. For example, 1) lab order related (the normal lab reported results), 2) patient-reported or maybe just “verbal”, 3) uploaded labs from attachments, etc. 

Consider all these goals and let’s brainstorm how to implement this (slowly). Don’t make any changes. Just brainstorm and then we can take it one step at a time. IN THE PAST, YOU HAVE A TENDENCY TO MOVE WAY TOO FAST AND CREATE MULTIPLE ROUTES, FILES, AND IT’S JUST A BIG MESS TO CLEAN UP. 