Let’s have a brainstorming session about the “notes” template function in the provider encounter view. Right now don’t change anything, I just want to consider some possibilities and brainstorm. I want you to carefully examine our codebase before answering with your own ideas. You need to fully understand how our notes are generated, what information they send to GPT, and how the templates fit into this. What I want to explore is the possibility of making templates user-specific. Currently, the user can choose whichever template they want in order to create the SOAP note. Based on the current code base, are the user choices tied to the user somehow? If so, does the system “remember” their choice when they leave and then come back? Could we create the ability for the user to take one of the existing templates and duplicate it for their own customization? Suppose the user likes the existing SOAP note template but prefers their subjective portion be more narrative instead of bullet points. They could create their own version of the SOAP note (while keeping the base SOAP note available) and choose their own name for it like “SOAP-username” to use as their default. Then later they could edit it as they choose. Alternatively (or in addition to), and this is a BIG ASK because it seems like it might be hard to do, could we create a user-anchored learning system that monitored for any changes to the notes that the user makes while editing. These changes could get stored in the user-anchored database and then GPT could use those changes as a learning tool to apply to future SOAP notes (for that user and for the baseline SOAP note template) to make formatting decisions. These changes could be template and user anchored. In other words, if the user makes changes to the SOAP note, GPT only learns about those changes for future “SOAP” notes, and does not learn those changes for future “H&P” or “APSO” notes. That would help reduce the data load. Again I’m just brainstorming here. What are your thoughts? 