Yes we should, however you must be very careful to evaluate the entire medications and orders section BEFORE implementing this change. Make sure you are not duplicating any existing GPT services, API calls, files, routes, etc. You have a tendency to replicate what already exists instead of building WITH what we already have. So first make a careful evaluation before you start work. 


Again Also don’t be afraid to take full advantage of GPT’s intelligence. Without creating a new module or file, examine our medication order implementation at the very last step and see what other ways GPT can be used to minimize work for the user. Suppose a particular field is missing (like sig). In addition to the “required” notification, have GPT automatically provide a few recommended sigs for this particular medication. Or suppose the user forgot to put in the “refills”. GPT could calculate the appropriate refills based on the sig or on typical data for this drug, etc. BEWARE, GPT is already doing similar things with medications in other places so review that implementation first. Also, since there are multiple ways to add medications to the orders (Automatically from SOAP note, manually with “add order”, via the blue arrow from the medications section, etc), you need to be careful not to override any GPT intelligence that may already exist anywhere else. 

While we’re on the subject, the validation step right before signing the prescription should be very subtle from a UI perspective. Why not just create a thickened red border around any missing ANDA required fields? Obviously, don’t put the border around ALL required fields. Only required AND missing fields. That way, the user quickly knows where to look (quick visual feedback). Additionally, GPT could pre-populate these fields with it’s top recommendation using red lettering. The user would just have to press a button at the top next to the save button called “Apply AI”, and all those red items would turn black and the red border would go away. 
