VITALS
I want to brainstorm some methods for the vitals section. I have some desired features and I want to think about ways to harmonize all of them. We do not have to do all of these at the same time, but I want to make sure you get an idea of my vision before we begin. These features are numbered in no particular order. 
1) Keep in mind this is a normal EMR not a mock-up. The vitals section needs to meet compliance with EMR standards and contain all the information typical for an EMR in a clinic setting. Keep in mind that this might involve having vitals that are encounter-scoped, but I’m not sure. 
2) I want a GPT-powered parsing function that allow a user to fill in an empty text field and then the function automatically parses the data into various vital signs. For example the user could simply type: “120/80, P 80, RR 23, 98% on room air” and GPT would automatically parse that (without the user having to press a button) into each vital sign into a table. 
3) The nurse encounter view currently has a “vitals” field that would be an ideal place to start to create a GPT-powered parsing function, since its a blank text field. Since the template is already encounter-scoped, this field could be connected to the vitals section so that once it’s filled with information (either by typing it, or during the patient-nurse conversation), the vitals section of the chart (on the left) will also start to get filled with the standardized data. Having said all that, even though the nursing encounter view template should have a blank text field that is connected to GPT parsing logic, there should ALSO be an ability to “add vitals” directly within the vitals section on the left hand side of the chart (which should also be GPT-powered parsing). That should, of course, also be encounter-scoped. 
4) Even though we are trying to create a system that does not require manual user entry, I still want each vitals field to be manually editable. 
5) The provider view should also have access to the vitals information from the encounter. We are currently already sending chart data for the provider for the suggestions and SOAP note generation, and we should include the vitals. We just need to make sure vitals are properly encounter-scoped, so that when the SOAP note is generated, only the encounter-scope vitals actually show up in the SOAP note. 
6) I said it before but it bears repeating. This is a real EMR and needs to hold up to the standards of the best EMRs out there, like EPIC and Athena. So keep that in mind when building the vitals, and consider all factors involved.

Review this and evaluate our system and lets brainstorm ways to make this happen. Do not make any changes yet, just evaluate. Ask any clarifying questions you need to. As you build this system, we should take it slowly and test each step before moving on. 
