
I feel the need to clarify that the AI needs to learn about the provider’s preferences/behaviors but it also needs to learn about the patients preference/behaviors. E.g. provider A usually sees cold/flu patients in about 3 minutes but patient B is a complex patient with multiple medical problems whose visit history is full of examples of > 30 minute visits (even for cold/flu visits), and now patient B is presenting to clinic with a cold/flu. The system should recognize that this patient probably needs a longer visit than would be typical for provider A (maybe something like 15 minutes). As a reminder, that patient should be BLIND to this information. In fact, I should emphasize that point. This scheduling information/timing is privileged information only for the clinic/provider. Just like a provider can see ALL the patients on their schedule and the patient can only see their appointment time, the patient should also only be able to see their appointment “duration”. In the case of patient B, suppose she schedules herself for a 20 minute cough/cold appointment and, from her perspective, her appointment is from 9:40 to 10:00 but from the provider’s perspective, it’s from 9:40 to 10:10, because she will inevitably run late. But the patient doesn’t know that. For the sake of simplicity, I think we should set some minimums and round numbers for these appointments. Let’s set provider minimum to 10 minutes and patient-minimum to 20 minutes. From the provider’s side, appointments can extend beyond 10 minute appointments in only 10 minute intervals (10, 20, 30, 40, etc). From the patient’s side, they are set at 20 minutes. 

Also, just a reminder, this entire “AI intelligence” can be toggled off in a sense, so that users can elect to build their own templates based on their clinic’s needs, in case they don’t like the AI schedule. If they just want to schedule rigid 20 minute slots without being bothered by the AI, that’s fine. 

The weight sliders you mentioned are fine but is that all of the factors we are using? I feel like there are probably dozens more we should consider. 