Before you build it let's brainstorm some more. I want the landing page to be spectacular and
professional, but not overly burdensome. Remember, these are physicians after all. We want to get to the
point while also being attractive to the human eye.
1. I want to take a top-down approach to designing this, since the details might be too many for you to
handle all at once.Let's create a scaffold upon which to further expand each area one at a time, that
way we can really develop each detail perfectly.
2. I want you first review the file I just created called "landing page" which outlines a few areas of
importance when it comes to designing our landing page. It's essentially a train-of-thought about the
features of our EMR. It contains a number of important details as well. Use this information to help
you and I brainstorm ideas for a really good landing page.
3. I want you to scour the internet and review some of my competitors website designs. Keep in mind
that my competitors include Ai scribes like Freed, Heidi, Deepscribe, Abridge, Nabla, ScribeHealth
Al, Augmedix, Suki, Omni MD but they also include full EMRS like EPIC, Athena, and Cerner. In a
sense, I am fighting on two separate fronts here to gain customers/users. One front is the Ai scribes
which physicians flock to because of time saved. The other is the EMRs which are gigantic, but they
are dinosaurs in their approach. Only i have the best of both worlds with Ai scribe and an EMR that is
built around Al. Other EMRs just tack Ai to the side. Get some ideas from the way they handle their
landing page and DO NOT UNDERESTIMATE THE IMPORTANCE OF SEO.
4. Also I want you to remember that we have partially developed an SEO and marketing monitoring
page within our admin dashboard. Everything we do in the landing page will ultimately need to have
connections to our admin dashboard for SEO monitoring. We will need to gather as much
information as we possibly can at all times, to help us maximize SEO and marketing.
Review these items and brainstorm first before making any code changes. Please ask me any clarifying
questions you have.
