1. Multiple recordings are not frequent. Most of the time the user will just keep ths recording going in the background (and possibly forgetting about it) while they edit the note.  There will be times when the user might stop reecording, look at the note, and then realize he forgot to ask the patietn something so then he would resume recording, but it's not that common. I just wanted to make sure the user has fair warning of what resuming the recording will actually entail. I'd lean more toward a simpler fix. This reminds me of another danger/opportunity that I hadn't considered. When we are in the "edit lock" mode, are we halting API calls to gpt 4.1-mini? If not, that could be a potential cost savings to halt API calls while editing.
2. Yes, typically extensions of the conversation or (more often), "dictation" from the provider to append the note. This reminds me of an important opportunity we should discuss while we're talking about it. The most common scenario is that the provider will stop the recording, finish orders and then look at the note and notice that the physical exam section is missing something that was not spoken audibly during the conversation. This often happens when the provider is alone and dictating/finishing notes. The provider will see that a physical exam section or a medication change (in the assessment/plan) was not properly updating in the note, and will press "record" again to communicate something that is much more of a "dictation" style. For example "please add physical exam finding viral warts to the bilateral hands". This is a direct command to GPT but does not always get interpreted as such, and GPT often interprets it as a part of hte conversation and might miss that it's actually an amendment to the note. I only bring this up righ tnow while we are brainstorming, not because you necessarily have to fix it. Just trying to think of ways to fix multiple problems at once (as long as it's elegant and it works!). 
3. Provders will often want new content merged or replaced rather than as separate addendums. 
4. Probably not that catastrophic. 

Consider my answers first before making any changes. I want to know your thoughts on the flow and let's keep brainstorming the best options. 