The vision I have is for extraction/parsing to occur for all attachments automatically and to update ALL the chart sections, each in different ways. If you examine our recording and SOAP note processing session, you will see we have already accomplished this to some degree with the medical problems/visit history, and mediations. Eventually the encounter process itself (SOAP note, recording, orders, etc) AND the attachment process will both perform the same “build the chart” function, which uses GPT to parse out relevant information and build a concise summarized chart filled with visit history, medication history, laboratory history, vitals history, imaging, family/social/surgical history, etc. This is a slow process and each chart section must be done one at a time and very carefully, because the encounter process has it’s own routes, and the attachment process has different routes. It’s like trying to build a tunnel while guy A starts on one side of the mountain and the guy B starts on the other, and trying to meet in the middle. I’m the guy on the top of the mountain trying to explain to YOU (the AI agent but also sometimes you are guy A and other times guy B) what we are eventually trying to accomplish. Keeping this vision in mind (WITHOUT MAKING ANY CHANGES), evaluate our architecture and propose a plan, and perhaps a next step, for how to get it done. Previous AI agents suggested a unified chart builder service that would be the central orchestrator with standardized input format for both encounter and attachment data, and standardized output format that populates all chart sections with source tracking. The problem I see with this approach is that there are innumerable steps involved that will span multiple AI agents with no retention of knowledge between them. Moreover, we currently already have some existing services that accomplish similar functions and were VERY difficult to build. First evaluate the system for anything that might already exist, but then consider some type of function that you can build that could exist across AI agents so we can build one chart section at a time slowly, without destroying everything we have now. Perhaps this is with extensive comments throughout the code to help point future AI agents/developers in the right direction? Most importantly, how best can I move forward with future agents to ensure we maintain this unified vision architecture and avoid alternative routes, legacy files, and technical debt? How best can I word my prompts when building out each part of the chart?  
