1. The note that gets sent to the patient is the one that should show up here. Maybe we need to clarify
this first. Since the Ul doesn't display this yet, it's not entirely clear to me what happens if the user
let's GPT create a review of the lab, but then the user ignores it. and just sends a message saying
"normal".
1. We also need to clarify EXACTLY how our system is set up in terms of granularity. How do most
EMRs do it? As a physician, I'm used to ordering a lab while in some kind of encounter (clinic
visit, telephone encounter, or just orders-only encounter). So, in a sense, all review notes are
linked to an encounter. But in our system, there are many times that labs show up as parsed
from attachments, which do not always have an encounter associated with them. In those cases,
are they linked with the date they were uploaded? the day they were collected (as parsed by
GPT)? What about if we order a lab through the system, are those linked to the date of the order,
the collection, or the result? We need to make this abundantly clear before we work on the
review process.
2. I don't understand this question at all. Why would we "aggregate" lab values? No. NO aggregating
lab values. Zooming out just means the data gets smaller. That's it. No loss of granularity whatsoever.
3. For the review notes panel, show only the doctor's note as the main note then, upon expansion, the
entire chronological history (usually doctors note -> nurse response -> patient response -just an
example). Again I'm really not sure how best to group reviews. By encounter? by date? I think date
would be much simpler but what if two providers order two sets of labs on the same day? If we do
date, is it by the result date? the order date? the collection date? Again, how do most EMRs handle
this??
4. I am really not sure. I think this is similar to the conundrum I have been sharing so far.
5. What is virtualization? I don't know what that means.
6. REview note permission: we should do whatever most EMRs do in this regard. This is a production
level EMR after all, we need to match them in this regard. Also maintain HIPAA compliance.
7. Visual indicators: we already have visual indicators for reviewed labs, I believe. It turns green It think.
