I want to explore more about the logic behind the ranking system involved in the medical problems list. Please explain all the factors that are considered when determining those rankings and to what degree those factors are weighted. In just the same way that we just added the tooltip on the confidence level for the visit history, I would like to add a tooltip to the rank on the medical problems. This should also occur upon hovering over the rank. 




To answer your question about storage, I first want to introduce a new capability and, depending on your opinion of that, will help guide us to decide about storage. I want the user to be able to adjust the ranking in some way. When we first designed the ranking system I THOUGHT we had introduced that ability but now I don't see it, SO MAKE SURE TO EVALUATE FOR ANY LEGACY CODE THAT MIGHT BE DESIGNED FOR ALLOWING THE USER TO CHANGE THE RANKING. I have some ideas about how to implement that but first let me answer your question or we can ansewr it together. I really want the user to be able to adjust the rank (high, medium, and low), and let that rating become a factor for GPT to determine where to put it. If we currently are only using 4 factors to determine rank, this would be the 5th. That way, if a user ranks it high, GPT will always remember that even if other factors change. What are your thoughts on this? Does that mean it makes more sense to add a new database column or store it as JSON or create a separate medicalProblemRankingFactors table? 



5. IF you could build a way for me to adjust weightings that would be amazing. In fact, maybe we could build something like that PER USER! Frankly, that would be even better than having the user give a rating of low, medium, and high (but maybe we could do both). If the user could adjust weightings and this was remembered for the user across all patients, then maybe a particualr provider really likes to see rankings based more on the treatment complexity because that's especially important to him, but maybe not as important to another provider. That particular provider/user would always see (or more frequently see) high treatment complexity problems at the top of the list ACROSS ALL PATIENTS. 