BUSINESS MODEL/GROWTH MODEL:
 Although we definitely need the infrastructure to scale, I intend to start marketing this program to individual providers as a sort of tier 1 version. They can pay a monthly subscription (individually) and use the note writer or any other tools they like. Obviously, some tools will be disabled with the tier 1 version, but eventually (as it grows), they should be able to seemlessly merge their patient data (for example, 100 patients) into a larger system. Suppose provider A chooses to subscribe to my service at the tier 1 version. He uses it daily and amasses 100 patients with records. He likes the system so much he asks his administrator if they can get the FULL version (complete with automated billing and prescription connections, and he no longer has to pay for it (the admin foots the bill!). Admin will only do it if they can apply the program equally to all users in their clinic system. Suppose they have 5 additional providers and 20 nurses in that clinic. Only the provider A is familiar and has any data in the system, but the rest of the patient data can grow organically. He should be able to work solo if he wants, but then join the larger clinic system once they adopt it. 

In another scenario there is a 10 provider group and providers B and C both independently use our program for 6 months. They have built up 1,000 patients with lots of good and useful medical record data. Sometimes, they end up seeing each others patients but they would each have to create their own patient chart from scratch, since neither of them are part of a clinic group within the EMR, so there is no “sharing” capability. Obviously, this is for security/HIPAA reasons. But they decide to convince admin to adopt the program and they do. So now they bring along their patient data (which would ideally be merged for any identical/duplicated patients) into the one clinic group system. Alternatively (not as ideal), the individual data they had could remain within their own subscription and they could manually apply it themselves to the bigger system.