Skip to main content
Help Center
Community
Announcements
Analytics
Contact us
Get started with AnalyticsCollect and manage dataReport and exploreAdvertising and attributionAudiences and remarketingManage accounts, properties, and usersGoogle Analytics 360Policies and data privacy
Introduction to Analytics[GA4] Introducing the next generation of Analytics, Google Analytics 4
[GA4] Introducing the next generation of Analytics, Google Analytics 4
Explore Google Analytics 4, the next generation of Analytics which collects event-based data from both websites and apps
GA4 is a new kind of property designed for the future of measurement: 

Collects both website and app data to better understand the customer journey
Uses event-based data instead of session-based
Includes privacy controls such as cookieless measurement, and behavioral and key event modeling
Predictive capabilities offer guidance without complex models
Direct integrations to media platforms help drive actions on your website or app
Starting July 1, 2023, standard Universal Analytics properties stopped processing data. You'll be able to see your Universal Analytics reports for a period of time after July 1, 2023. However, new data will only flow into Google Analytics 4 properties. Learn more

 360 Universal Analytics properties will receive a one-time processing extension ending on July 1, 2024.
How to get started with Google Analytics 4
There are 2 ways to get started if you are an editor or administrator:

Option 1: Set up Analytics data collection for the first time

Do this if you’re new to Analytics and ready to collect data for your website and/or app. 

Option 2: Add Google Analytics 4 to a website builder platform or CMS (content management system)

Do this if you use a CMS-hosted (Content Management System) website, e.g. a website created using Wix, WordPress, Drupal, Squarespace, GoDaddy, WooCommerce, Shopify, Magento, Awesome Motive, HubSpot, etc.

Existing Google Analytics for Firebase customers are advised to upgrade to a Google Analytics 4 property.
Related resources
Google Analytics offers four training courses and a certification:
101: Get started using Google Analytics 4 (GA4) (Beginner)
102: Manage GA4 data and learn to read reports (Beginner)
201: Dive deeper into GA4 data and reports (Intermediate)
301: Use GA4 with other tools and data sources (Advanced)
Google Analytics 4 Certification

Give feedback about this article
Was this helpful?


Need more help?
Post to the help community
Get answers from community members
Contact us
Tell us more and we’ll help you get there
Introduction to Analytics
[GA4] Introducing the next generation of Analytics, Google Analytics 4
The value of digital analytics
How Google Analytics works
[GA4] Why does Google Analytics look different?
[GA4] Find your way around Analytics
[GA4] Search box in Google Analytics 4 properties
©2025 Google  Privacy Policy  Terms of Service
Language

Help guide

Help guide
Hi, I’m a new AI support assistant. Chat with me to find answers and solve account issues.
Let’s chat
