I definitely lean toward automated verification as much as possible as long as we maintain HIPPA compliance. Let me see if I understand. Suppose a new user A signs up and they use their personal email (@gmail) initially. They are able to find their clinic in the system and choose that when signing up. After verifying their email, they get immediate access to the system but there are no patients in it yet. They start seeing their own patients and end up building a few hundred patient charts. Later, when their clinic administration decides to use the full EMR, we could generate individual approval keys (one time use only) that the administration could email directly to that new user which would grant them clinic-level access immediately. The number of keys would depend on the number of users they paid for. The administrator would simply need to email the key to the particular user who would use it to log in. These keys could also be role-specific. This would allow the administration to easily sign up. Suppose user A works at clinic A and has already been using the EMR for a few months like mentioned before. Then clinic A decides they want to use the EMR full-scope. They elect 6 provider keys and 20 nurse keys for such and such a cost. We send the administrator those keys which they distribute to their staff accordingly. Once the users (including user A) plug in the key, they get access to the system as a whole. Since user A is the only one who has been using the system, it won’t look any different for him except that he’ll now have full access (tier 3) to the entire charting system. All the other new users would also have access to all the patient data available to user A, since they are part of the clinic system. My concerns about this system are as follows: 1) what if user A did not initially sign up to the right clinic? Would the key be sufficient to connect him to the entire clinic system when the time comes? 2) What if user A used the EMR for a patient that was NOT actually seen at that clinic? For example, they used the EMR to chart on a patient in the hospital but who was never actually part of the clinic. Does that violate their user agreement? Is that sufficient to protect us from HIPPA violations? 3) Barring either of those situations, is this key system HIPPA compliant enough as you mentioned (multi-factor verification)? 4) How do we first validate the administrator who is going to distribute the keys? Should we skip that step and distribute them ourselves in some automated fashion? 
