1. I really like the idea of designing a system that is customizable per-user specialty, but that seems like a slightly separate layer of intelligence. FOr now let's just focus on the ranking system from a global/general health perspective. This EMR is primarily designed for primary care providers like internists, pediatricians, family doctors. In the future, modules and systems for specalists will be invaluable, but I don't want to overcomplicate it right now. 
2. The fanciest way to do it would be to have two handles on the same slider. If you grab the smaller one, it only changes the rank preference for that one patient. If you grab the larger one, it changes the rank preference for that one patient AND permanently saves that preference to the user themselves. I HATE toast notifications (too much clicking), but a double-handle slider would be pretty sleek. Any change to the large handle gets remembered for other patients and in other sessions. Changing the small handle gets forgotten after the encounter. No toast notifications. 
3. This is part of hte reason I inquired about the different "statuses" we have for medical problems. As the user decreases the number of problems on their list, I think there should be some other list that they go to. Within the "current" problems could have a "ranked" and "unranked" list or something like that. Not a great name choice but you see what I mean. Again, please review the code and figure out what we have already. I seem to recall we have current problems which consist both of active and ___sometheing else I can't remember, then another category (not current) which is called "resolved". 
4. I definitely think we should rank all problems during every encounter. That's kind of the point. Suppose a patient has 10 medical problems in the list and they come in with a new diagnosis of type 1 diabetes and they're on multiple medications. I would imagine that would rank at least in the top 5. Suppose it ranks number 2. Well what happens with the CURRENT number 2? You can't have 2 number 2s at the same time!
5. Ranking must be relative. This is very important. 
6. I think the slider should show percentages from 1-100 but be divisible by the number of problems. Suppose a patient had 10 problems, each "click" of the slider would move 10. If they actually had 100 problems, each "click" would move 1. Make sense? If they had 5 problems, each "click" would move 20. Etc. No quick buttons. 
7. COntinuous ranked list with subtle visual emphasis. 
8. Don't worry about the token limits. If you look at our code, you will notice that GPT is getting the entire medical problems every few seconds during a recording (via the suggestions if the "add suggestions "button is pressed. The Note also gets a lot of the patient's medical chart. Also the unified medcial problems delta gets the entire patient history other wise it cannot adequately categorize and change visit histories. I think the unified medical problems delta is the right place to incorporate this ranking logic, don't you? The timing is right, the APi call is already open. 
9. Up to you. 
10. I would default to high priority until they get ranked. I suppose this would happen (new problems) when the user adds them manually outside of an encounter (or, I suppose, inside an encounter). The user shoudl be able to manually change these ranks, if desired. 