1. I definitely envision multi-practice platforms, but each organization might have multiple locations. That organization should have access to those other locations as well. 
2. Users should self-register and request approval to some degree but let's brainstorm this a little bit more. I eventually intend to put this application on the app store so that any users can just sign up for it and try it without being tied to a specific organization, but then LATER, if their organization adopts the whole system as the EMR, that user should be able to transfer their data into that organization's structure. Beecuase of the initial business model of getting users to download the app via the app store first then later joining an organization (with their same userid), maybe we should think about having organization codes as well? FOr me, this is where it gets fuzzy and I'm not sure how it should look from a database/architectural standpoint. 
3. When providers log in, they should see patients at their location by default, but have the option to look at any locations within the organization. One of hte problems right now is that we really haven't created any kind of scheduling/appointment system so I'm not sure where this question fits into our existing architecture. 
4. I agree with tackling multi-location architecture first but let's keep talking it out and brainstorming, because I want to get it correct from the beginning. 
5. User roles are also a bit of a mystery to me in terms of the architecture. From what I can tell, the only difference we currently have between the nurse and the provider is that the nurse encounter view is different than the provider encounter view. But even an admin sees the provider-encounter-view, not the nurse encounter view? So how do "roles" and "views" interact in the hierarchy? That is not clear to me. Moreover, as I've just now noticed in our current program, an admin can create a note within an encounter and type a note and save it to the encounter. Then a provider (different userid) can log in and go to that same encounter and edit that SAME note. There does not appear to be any step involved in "taking over" the note from the other user. There do not seem to be varying "permissions" for different users. This might not be a structural problem at all but I thought, if it is, we should discuss it right now. 
Again, do not make any changes yet. Just brainstorming and discussing. 