Your suggestion is still not really what I had envisioned. My preference (from the beginning) was that the large handle would always move the small handle, but the small handle does not always move the large handle. Imagine the large handle as the “baseline” or the anchor. Suppose a user has a baseline order preference of 80%. That’s their “large” handle. It is constant all the time in every encounter from one to another. Anytime they open an encounter, the large handle (their preference) is always at 80%. Since the small handle (that particular patient/encounter threshold), always follows the large handle,  it will also be at 80%, just like the user prefers. Now suppose the user is within the same encounter in the same patient and that patient has 50 problems in their chart! With the current threshold at 80%, that’s 40 problems to look at! Well the user doesn’t want to look at 40 problems, he just wants to see the top 10 problems instead (for that particular patient), so he will grab the SMALL handle and move it down to 20% mark. Now he only has to look at the top 10 problems while he’s in the encounter. He doesn’t want to permanently change his 80% rule! The 80% rule works well for most of his patients (who don’t have so many problems!). So he wouldn’t want to permanently change his “baseline” so he just moves the small handle. For the next patient he encounters, the small handle is back at the 80% (since that is where he last left his large handle). Suppose now that he is seeing LOTS of patients who have 50 or more problems and he’s tired of always moving his small handle every time, so THIS TIME, he moves the LARGE handle down to 20%. This would both IMMEDIATELY GRAB THE SMALL HANDLE so it will immediately show what he wants (20%) but it will ALSO BE REMEMBERED permanently for the user (until he changes it again). So this same user now has 20% as his new baseline (which he changed without having to go into “preferences” and without having to “approve” any bullshit time-wasting toasts! But now he goes into an encounter for a patient with only 2 problems! Well at 20%, he can’t see ANYTHING! There are no problems showing up! So for this particular patient, he grabs the SMALL handle and moves it all the way to the right and voila, both problems show up while in the encounter. Since he didn’t move the large handle, his preference does NOT get remembered for the next patient (who has 50 problems again), so good for him!