1. Shareable within roles. But for a user to share a template successfully, the other user must "accept
it" in some form. I don't want a user to get bombarded with a bunch of templates they didn't ask for.
User-dependent customization is very important to me.
2. Versioning sounds like a good idea but I'm not sure. I figured production-level EMRs probably do
employ some type of versioning. Since we need to meet or exceed those standards, we probably
should, too. What are your thoughts on this? Are there a lot of downsides to this?
3. No. There should be absolutely no validation. These users are physicians. If they want their
customized "SOAP note" to only include their name and astrology sign, that's up to them. You bring
up a good point about the malformed GPT prompts. This highlights the concern I have which is that I
may not fully understand what a "template" should look like. Physicians are not generally great at
prompting GPT. I'm certain they could write a good SOAP note or H&P just the way they like it, but
I'm not sure they could tell GPT how to do that. Can you show me an example of what a template
might look like from a user's standpoint? Is it a blank slate with instructions? Does it start with an
example? I don't like the idea of giving them our current SOAP prompt and tell them to "make it their
own"; that seems to difficult for most physicians. Let's brainstorm this further. This might be a
fundamental flaw with this approach.
4. Template management should probably be in a separate interface be quickly/easily accessible from
the SOAP note. I don't think we have really built out a user's preference section much yet, but this
would be a good place to start doing so. I like the idea of quick access plus full management but not
sure what that would really look like.
5. Defaults should be user-dependent. In other words, users should be able to choose their defaults. If
they want to default to the regular SOAP note, they should be able to designate that or if they want
to default to their custom one, also should be able to choose.
6. I don't really have any restrictions for this. I think more freedom for users is best, in general.
7. Don't worry about existing encounters at all. They are erasable. Any past data is irrelevant. Don't
even think about it.
8. We definitely should design the template structure to accommodate future Al instructions, if it would
neither interfere with phase 1 nor phase 2. For now, the priority is phase 1. But if this is crucial for
phase 2 later development, I could be agreeable. What do you think?
9. I'm not sure about this. Maybe I"m not really sure what you mean by cache compiled templates. I
don't like having any limits for users though. Nor for GPT length.
10. If template auditing is a normal EMR standard, then yes. I generally prefer limiting restrictions
wherever possible, and giving users more leeway and levity, but I don't want to fall out of compliance
standards. In general (if I had to err to one way), I prefer giving users the ability to make their own
mistakes. These are physicians, we don't necessarily need to baby sit them.
Feel free to ask additional questions before beginning work. This is a lot of information and I want to get
it right.
